Add missing text issue #3539 (#3544)
OSGeo/gdal: gdal/doc/source/api/gdalogrin_csharp.rst

The GDAL/OGR CSharp classes use the .NET P/Invoke mechanism for the communication between the managed and unmanaged code. Every class implements the IDisposable
interface to control the finalization of the underlying unmanaged memory referenced by every the wrapper class.

Supported platforms
-------------------

Currently the interface is compilable and supports the various Win32 and Win64 platforms targeting the Microsoft.NET and the MONO frameworks. The interface is also
compilable under the GNU Linux/OSX systems for the MONO framework. The compilation steps for the various platforms have been added to the ​`GDAL buildbot <http://buildbot.osgeo.org:8500/>`__ and tested
regularly.

Related Documents
-----------------

* `GDAL/OGR CSharp interface versions <http://trac.osgeo.org/gdal/wiki/GdalOgrCsharpVersions>`__
* `GDAL/OGR CSharp Raster Operations <http://trac.osgeo.org/gdal/wiki/GdalOgrCsharpRaster>`__
* `GDAL/OGR CSharp Compilation <http://trac.osgeo.org/gdal/wiki/GdalOgrCsharpCompile>`__
* `Using the GDAL/OGR CSharp interface <http://trac.osgeo.org/gdal/wiki/GdalOgrCsharpUsage>`__

Useful Links
------------

> * A variety of example programs in CSharp are available at the `/swig/csharp/apps <http://trac.osgeo.org/gdal/browser/trunk/gdal/swig/csharp/apps>`__ folder of the GDAL project tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A variety of example programs in CSharp are available at the `/swig/csharp/apps <https://github.com/OSGeo/gdal/tree/master/gdal/swig/csharp/apps>`__ folder of the GDAL project tree.

```

* This project make images tiles (Superoverlay method) for Google Earth ​`GdalToTiles C# <https://archive.codeplex.com/?p=gdal2tilescsharp>`__

> FWTools

Reviewer: remove paragraph about FWTools. Completely outdated

Author: Fixed
